Document guild time outs (#4075)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/topics/Gateway.md

###### Guild Member Update Event Fields

> | Field                         | Type                                              | Description                                                                                                                            |
> | ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | guild_id                      | snowflake                                         | the id of the guild                                                                                                                    |
> | roles                         | array of snowflakes                               | user role ids                                                                                                                          |
> | user                          | a [user](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/user-object) object | the user                                                                                                                               |
> | nick?                         | ?string                                           | nickname of the user in the guild                                                                                                      |
> | avatar                        | ?string                                           | the member's [guild avatar hash](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-formatting)                                                                     |
> | joined_at                     | ?ISO8601 timestamp                                | when the user joined the guild                                                                                                         |
> | premium_since?                | ?ISO8601 timestamp                                | when the user starting [boosting](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360028038352-Server-Boosting-) the guild               |
> | deaf?                         | boolean                                           | whether the user is deafened in voice channels                                                                                         |
> | mute?                         | boolean                                           | whether the user is muted in voice channels                                                                                            |
> | pending?                      | boolean                                           | whether the user has not yet passed the guild's [Membership Screening](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/membership-screening-object) requirements |
> | communication_disabled_until? | ?ISO8601 timestamp                                | when the user's timeout will expire and the user's interaction in the guild is re-enabled, null if the user is not timed out           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Field                         | Type                                              | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| guild_id                      | snowflake                                         | the id of the guild                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| roles                         | array of snowflakes                               | user role ids                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| user                          | a [user](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/user-object) object | the user                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| nick?                         | ?string                                           | nickname of the user in the guild                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| avatar                        | ?string                                           | the member's [guild avatar hash](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-formatting)                                                                                                                                                                   |
| joined_at                     | ?ISO8601 timestamp                                | when the user joined the guild                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| premium_since?                | ?ISO8601 timestamp                                | when the user starting [boosting](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360028038352-Server-Boosting-) the guild                                                                                                             |
| deaf?                         | boolean                                           | whether the user is deafened in voice channels                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| mute?                         | boolean                                           | whether the user is muted in voice channels                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| pending?                      | boolean                                           | whether the user has not yet passed the guild's [Membership Screening](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/membership-screening-object) requirements                                                                                               |
| communication_disabled_until? | ?ISO8601 timestamp                                | when the user's [timeout](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/4413305239191-Time-Out-FAQ) will expire and the user will be able to communicate in the guild again, null or a time in the past if the user is not timed out |
```
